[routing-manager] support setting extra options to append to emitted RAs (#9945)
openthread/openthread: src/cli/README_BR.md

Done
```

### raoptions

Usage: `br raoptions <options>`

> Sets vendor-specific options to append at the end of emitted Router Advertisement (RA) messages. `<options>` provided as hex bytes.

Reviewer: nit: avoid possible confusion with "vendor-specific" since these options could be standard options defined in RFCs.
```suggestion
Sets additional options to append at the end of emitted Router Advertisement (RA) messages. `<options>` provided as hex bytes.
```

Author: Good idea. Thanks. Will change in next push.
